good
hello friends today you are here another day more
in my cooking channel today as always
I have a new recipe ready for you
you the recipe that I have
it's just pork chops
spicy for this recipe what are we going to
need are the following
ingredients
slow trail of pig needle what
equivalent for three people three
Scoops of salsa word sense and a
Chunk of Tabasco about 400
milliliters of olive oil the juice
squeezed out of a lemon and salt good let's go
to start making this dish
the first step to make this dish
is to create the spicy marinade for it
what we are going to do is catch the oil
of olive pour it in a saucepan or
big bowl in this perfect shape and
another one above we have the 400
milliliters of olive oil the juice
of the lemon we give them also perfect
the three tablespoons of shenzhen sauce
how to know
but it 's a bit of getting out
two
and three we're going to stop now the blasting of
Tabasco
a lot of rum goes out so the effect
There goes with this, what's left and a bit
of salt
ah
and effect and now we are going to remove everything
very well until we see that it is
well mixed once we have mixed
and everything well inside the pan what
what we are going to do is introduce the
pork needle steaks in this way
perfect one for one there that tie
well in the perfect sauce and the other one that
I will also go there that soaks well
perfect and we're going to let it marinate
for a couple of hours once they have
past two hours since we put
marinate the chops what we have done
is to put it in the pan to heat and
Now let's take one for chops
one and we're going to go to the pan
so that it is done
good as we see this meat is already
ready to serve so we're going to
take out of the fire
and we're going to serve it on a plate once
already served the meat the dish will present
this aspect as you see we have put
a little salad as an accompaniment
that is very good this dish is very
easy to do and fast the only thing that we
it will take a little more time is navy
in the flesh but as the only thing
we have to do is leave the meat in
the pot for two hours we can be
doing anything else
perfectly good for today we have
finished with this dish last I os
I want to remember as always that you can
subscribe to me the kitchen channel in
YouTube account to google + account
and even my twitter account that
come works written in the
description I hope it influenced the use of
this dish and especially its
tasty flavor that you take advantage of until
other
3 and pig needle lenses what
equivalent for all
let's look as we have indicated for this
dish is very simple to make and talgo
the two hours of marinating is very fast
ball